en/premium_features.md, before:

# Premium Features
These features are available on paid Loomio plans. 

## Standard Plan ($19/mo)

### Slack integration

You can connect Loomio groups (or subgroups) to the Slack channel of your choice. Once set up, activity in Loomio will trigger notifications in Slack, such as new discussions and proposals.

To set up your Slack integration, please contact us and we'll guide you through the process.

### Custom Domain
Make your Loomio group easy to find and share with a custom URL like *mygroup.loomio.org*. 

To set up your custom domain, please contact us with your desired address and we'll set it up for you.

## Pro Plan ($99/mo)
The Pro Plan includes everything in the Standard Plan, above, plus more, for up to 10 groups.

### Premium Support
Email contact@loomio.org at any time, or click 'Contact Loomio' in the app.

### Help with Initial Setup
We'll have a meeting or video call with you to support your group to get started, advise on starting your initial discussions, and answer any questions.

### Analytics Reports
Quantitative intelligence about participation in your group. To get an analystics report, contact us and let us know which stats you're interested in.

### Data Export
A full download of your group data, for analysis or archiving. Get in touch and let us know your preferred data format.

Commit message:

replacing loomio with diehard.fund

en/premium_features.md, after:

# Premium Features
These features are available on paid Diehard.Fund plans. 

## Standard Plan ($19/mo)

### Slack integration

You can connect Diehard.Fund groups (or subgroups) to the Slack channel of your choice. Once set up, activity in Diehard.Fund will trigger notifications in Slack, such as new discussions and proposals.

To set up your Slack integration, please contact us and we'll guide you through the process.

### Custom Domain
Make your Diehard.Fund group easy to find and share with a custom URL like *mygroup.loomio.org*. 

To set up your custom domain, please contact us with your desired address and we'll set it up for you.

## Pro Plan ($99/mo)
The Pro Plan includes everything in the Standard Plan, above, plus more, for up to 10 groups.

### Premium Support
Email contact@loomio.org at any time, or click 'Contact Diehard.Fund' in the app.

### Help with Initial Setup
We'll have a meeting or video call with you to support your group to get started, advise on starting your initial discussions, and answer any questions.

### Analytics Reports
Quantitative intelligence about participation in your group. To get an analystics report, contact us and let us know which stats you're interested in.

### Data Export
A full download of your group data, for analysis or archiving. Get in touch and let us know your preferred data format.
