# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy outlines our practices for the types of information Diehard.Fund gathers, how we use it, with whom we share it, and the notices and choices affected individuals can expect regarding the information. Our overriding principle is that we will not sell or rent any information you share with us.

## Non-personally identifiable information

Like most website operators, Diehard.Fund collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Diehard.Fund’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Diehard.Fund’s visitors use the website. From time to time, Diehard.Fund may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

## Potentially personally-identifiable information

Diehard.Fund also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Diehard.Fund does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

## User Content and Personally Identifiable Information

As a decision-making platform, Diehard.Fund hosts discussions, comments, proposals and decision outcomes generated by users - “your content”.

We also collect the name and email address users log in with. This information usually makes the user personally identifiable, although you are welcome to use a pseudonym and anonymous email address to prevent this.

You have the ability to configure the privacy of your content and and its visibility on the web.

## Data Security, Integrity and Access

Diehard.Fund will not sell or rent any information you share with us. Access to your content and personally identifiable information is tightly controlled internally. We will never view your private content without your consent. Diehard.Fund takes all reasonable steps to protect your content from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

From time to time, Diehard.Fund team members may access your email address to send you information about the site or ask for feedback, either personally or through an email provider. If you do not wish to receive these emails please respond with a request to be taken off the contact list, or unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.

All data within Diehard.Fund’s hosted software application is currently stored by Heroku in the USA.

Data backup, archiving services and disaster recovery are also managed by Heroku automatically and seamlessly. The software and data is automatically backed up as part of the deployment process on secure, access controlled, and redundant storage. Heroku use these backups to deploy the Diehard.Fund software and data across the platform and automatically bring the application back online in the event of an outage.

More information can be found [here](www.heroku.com/policy/security).

Diehard.Fund does not have scheduled outage windows. We may occasionally need to schedule outages and these would be performed at low use periods - typically Sunday evenings New Zealand time. Such outages typically last 5 minutes, 30 minutes maximum. There is no interruption of tasks, such as proposals closing. Notice would be provided at least 24 hours in advance via the Diehard.Fund website.

Diehard.Fund software can be set up on a separate private installation if required, at an additional charge. Please contact us if you would like to explore this further.

## Diehard.Fund Terms of Service and Service Level Agreements

Our standard terms of service are not offered as an SLA (Service Level Agreement) at this time, and are governed by the [Diehard.Fund Terms of Service](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/terms_of_service.html).

Under these terms, Diehard.Fund makes no guarantee of availability. Diehard.Fund’s standard service is for general use. Diehard.Fund software can be set up on a separate private installation and a Service Level Agreement established if required by a customer, at an additional charge. Customers requiring enterprise-level service managed under an SLA are encouraged to [contact us](https://www.loomio.org/contact) to explore further.

## Third Parties

To provide some of Diehard.Fund’s functionality and a high level of service, Diehard.Fund shares user data with third parties. These third parties adhere to industry best practices meaning that they in turn will not sell any data shared with them. It is possible that these services may be compelled by court order to share the information they have with law enforcement. More details about [Third part Services here](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/third_party_services.html).

If you are concerned about third party services, we encourage you to install your own instance of Diehard.Fund, so you have complete control of how your data is treated. Self-hosted users can disable these services and use their own internal networks for all data.

## Changes

We will always maintain the overriding principle that we will not sell or rent any information you share with us. However, we may change other aspects of this policy. Any amended policy is effective upon posting to this website, and we’ll make every effort to tell you about these changes via email or through the site.

Thanks for taking the time to learn about our privacy policy. We feel it's increasingly important for people to know exactly how their information is treated online, so we've tried to make the policy as clear and specific as possible. If you have any questions or concerns, please [contact us](http://www.loomio.org/contact).