en/README.md, before:

![Loomio Logo](logo.png "Loomio logo")

A comprehensive guide to using the [Loomio](https://loomio.org/ "Opens in new tab") software application.

## What is Loomio?

Loomio is a simple, user-friendly online tool for collaborative decision-making. Loomio lets you host discussions online, invite the right people to participate, come to timely decisions and transform deliberation into real-world action.

## How Loomio works

* **Start a group** to collaborate with people on Loomio

* **Invite people** into your group

* **Start a discussion** on any topic

* **Make a proposal** to see how everyone feels about a particular course of action

* **Decide together** - anyone can agree, abstain, disagree, or block – so you can see how everyone feels about the proposal.


[Check out this video for a quick demonstration of how to use Loomio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoYYNthNxOY "Opens in new tab
").

## Loomio School
Interested in more of a social/culture how-to resource? For help with facilitation, building collaborative culture, training material, case studies and stories, check out [Loomio School](http://loomio.school).

Commit message:

replacing loomio with diehard.fund

en/README.md, after:

![Diehard.Fund Logo](logo.png "Diehard.Fund logo")

A comprehensive guide to using the [Diehard.Fund](https://loomio.org/ "Opens in new tab") software application.

## What is Diehard.Fund?

Diehard.Fund is a simple, user-friendly online tool for collaborative decision-making. Diehard.Fund lets you host discussions online, invite the right people to participate, come to timely decisions and transform deliberation into real-world action.

## How Diehard.Fund works

* **Start a group** to collaborate with people on Diehard.Fund

* **Invite people** into your group

* **Start a discussion** on any topic

* **Make a proposal** to see how everyone feels about a particular course of action

* **Decide together** - anyone can agree, abstain, disagree, or block – so you can see how everyone feels about the proposal.


[Check out this video for a quick demonstration of how to use Diehard.Fund](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoYYNthNxOY "Opens in new tab
").

## Diehard.Fund School
Interested in more of a social/culture how-to resource? For help with facilitation, building collaborative culture, training material, case studies and stories, check out [Diehard.Fund School](http://loomio.school).
