.uk/frequently_asked_questions.md, before:

# Frequently asked questions

## Where is my confirmation email?

If you don’t receive an email confirming your group registration, you might need to check your spam or junk mail folder – sometimes they end up in there.

## I’ve forgotten my password, what do I do?

If you’ve forgotten your password click the **"Forgot your password?"** link on the [Log in page](https://www.loomio.org/users/sign_in). You will be asked to enter the email address associated with your Loomio account and password reset instructions will be sent to this email address.

## Do I need a Loomio account to participate in discussions?

Yes. Even though there are different levels of group privacy, everyone who wishes to participate in a Loomio group needs to have a Loomio account.

## Does it cost to use Loomio?

Check out our pricing plans [here](https://www.loomio.org/pricing).

## Can I sign in with Google, Facebook or Twitter?

Yes, see [Single sign-on](getting_started.html#single-sign-on).

## How can I set up my own instance of Loomio?

There is an installation guide on our [Github wiki](https://github.com/loomio/loomio/wiki) and a [Loomio Community sub-group](https://www.loomio.org/g/C7I2YAPN/loomio-community-installing-loomio) dedicated to support and assistance with local installations. If you're thinking about installing your own version of Loomio, we highly recommend joining this group.

## I have approved membership requests for people who wanted to join my group but they haven’t shown up as members, what’s going on?

If someone who has requested membership to your group hasn’t already got a Loomio account, they will need to create one before they can join your group. After you approve their membership request, they will receive a confirmation email. Following the link in this email will prompt them to create a Loomio account. When their account has been created they will show up as members of your group.

## How can I stop my signature being included in email replies to threads?

There is currently no official standard for distinguishing email signatures from the rest of the email body. To a computer the whole email is just a block of text. The easiest method we have for marking the end of the email body and the beginning of the signature is the double-dash method popularised by Gmail, which involves inserting a double-dash ('--') on its own line between the body of an email and the signature. Other common formats are recognised too, but Gmail's method is very easy to implement. Most programs trying to separate email body from signature (including Loomio) will correctly ignore email signatures if these dashes are included in the right place.

To be sure that your email signature is not included in your comment when you reply by email, you need to begin your signature with a double hyphen on its own line.

## Will Loomio work on my mobile device?

Loomio is mobile responsive, so it will work on any device through a browser.

## How can I reactivate my account?

To have your account reactivated, [contact us](https://loomio.org/contact).

## I’ve deactivated my group, can I restore it?

Deactivated groups can only be restored by a member of the Loomio team. [Contact us](https://loomio.org/contact) to reactivate your group.

## What if I have a feature to suggest?

We also have an open Loomio Community sub-group dedicated to [Feature Ideas](https://www.loomio.org/g/GN7EFQTK/loomio-community-feature-ideas). You can contribute to discussions about new features there, or make suggest your own feature ideas.

## Is there a Loomio API?

We're actively developing and using the API that the new Loomio 1.0 client uses. This implements everything a Loomio client talking to the web service would need. There is currently no server-to-server api, but Loomio is [open source](http://github.com/loomio/loomio) and we welcome contributions.

## Is it possible to have a Loomio subdomain?

Yes. We can, for example, set up **[your-group-name].loomio.org** as the URL for your group. [Contact us](https://loomio.org/contact) if you're interested.

Commit message:

replacing loomio with diehard.fund

.uk/frequently_asked_questions.md, after:

# Frequently asked questions

## Where is my confirmation email?

If you don’t receive an email confirming your group registration, you might need to check your spam or junk mail folder – sometimes they end up in there.

## I’ve forgotten my password, what do I do?

If you’ve forgotten your password click the **"Forgot your password?"** link on the [Log in page](https://www.loomio.org/users/sign_in). You will be asked to enter the email address associated with your Diehard.Fund account and password reset instructions will be sent to this email address.

## Do I need a Diehard.Fund account to participate in discussions?

Yes. Even though there are different levels of group privacy, everyone who wishes to participate in a Diehard.Fund group needs to have a Diehard.Fund account.

## Does it cost to use Diehard.Fund?

Check out our pricing plans [here](https://www.loomio.org/pricing).

## Can I sign in with Google, Facebook or Twitter?

Yes, see [Single sign-on](getting_started.html#single-sign-on).

## How can I set up my own instance of Diehard.Fund?

There is an installation guide on our [Github wiki](https://github.com/loomio/loomio/wiki) and a [Diehard.Fund Community sub-group](https://www.loomio.org/g/C7I2YAPN/loomio-community-installing-loomio) dedicated to support and assistance with local installations. If you're thinking about installing your own version of Diehard.Fund, we highly recommend joining this group.

## I have approved membership requests for people who wanted to join my group but they haven’t shown up as members, what’s going on?

If someone who has requested membership to your group hasn’t already got a Diehard.Fund account, they will need to create one before they can join your group. After you approve their membership request, they will receive a confirmation email. Following the link in this email will prompt them to create a Diehard.Fund account. When their account has been created they will show up as members of your group.

## How can I stop my signature being included in email replies to threads?

There is currently no official standard for distinguishing email signatures from the rest of the email body. To a computer the whole email is just a block of text. The easiest method we have for marking the end of the email body and the beginning of the signature is the double-dash method popularised by Gmail, which involves inserting a double-dash ('--') on its own line between the body of an email and the signature. Other common formats are recognised too, but Gmail's method is very easy to implement. Most programs trying to separate email body from signature (including Diehard.Fund) will correctly ignore email signatures if these dashes are included in the right place.

To be sure that your email signature is not included in your comment when you reply by email, you need to begin your signature with a double hyphen on its own line.

## Will Diehard.Fund work on my mobile device?

Diehard.Fund is mobile responsive, so it will work on any device through a browser.

## How can I reactivate my account?

To have your account reactivated, [contact us](https://loomio.org/contact).

## I’ve deactivated my group, can I restore it?

Deactivated groups can only be restored by a member of the Diehard.Fund team. [Contact us](https://loomio.org/contact) to reactivate your group.

## What if I have a feature to suggest?

We also have an open Diehard.Fund Community sub-group dedicated to [Feature Ideas](https://www.loomio.org/g/GN7EFQTK/loomio-community-feature-ideas). You can contribute to discussions about new features there, or make suggest your own feature ideas.

## Is there a Diehard.Fund API?

We're actively developing and using the API that the new Diehard.Fund 1.0 client uses. This implements everything a Diehard.Fund client talking to the web service would need. There is currently no server-to-server api, but Diehard.Fund is [open source](http://github.com/loomio/loomio) and we welcome contributions.

## Is it possible to have a Diehard.Fund subdomain?

Yes. We can, for example, set up **[your-group-name].loomio.org** as the URL for your group. [Contact us](https://loomio.org/contact) if you're interested.
