fr/security_privacy.md, before:

# Security FAQ

## What are your Terms of Service and Privacy Policies?
Loomio’s cloud service is subject to [Terms of Service](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/terms_of_service.html) and [Privacy Policy](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/privacy_policy.html). These policies contain detailed information, and we invite anyone with security and privacy concerns to review them carefully.

## Can Loomio be Self-Hosted?
Loomio is an open source web application, with the source code available on [Github](https://github.com/loomio/loomio "opens in new tab"). The software code is readily accessible for review, and has been subject to third party security scans. Self-hosted Loomio instances can be deployed to run Loomio on your own server, in a  security environment under your own control.

## What is your Software as a Service product?
Loomio operates a cloud-hosted service on the [Heroku platform](https://www.heroku.com/about "opens in new tab"), based in the USA. This is the service offered through Loomio’s [website](https://www.loomio.org/ "opens in new tab").

Heroku is used by organizations of all sizes to deploy and operate applications throughout the world, providing infrastructure management, scaling, and security. Heroku applies security best practices and manages platform security, to protect customers from threats, and applies security controls at every layer from physical to application, isolating applications and data. They rapidly deploy security updates without customer interaction or service interruption. 

More information can be found in [Heroku’s security policy](https://www.heroku.com/policy/security "opens in new tab").

Heroku utilizes ISO 27001 and FISMA certified data centers managed by Amazon. Information about security at Amazon data centers is available [here](https://aws.amazon.com/security/ "opens in new tab").

### Do you do Backup Data and Recovery?
Recovery of data for Loomio's SaaS offering is managed by Heroku automatically and seamlessly. The software and data are automatically backed up as part of the deployment process, on secure, access controlled, and redundant storage.  Heroku use these backups to deploy the Loomio software and data across the platform and automatically bring the application back online in the event of an outage.

## Have there been Third Party Security Assessment and Approvals?
Loomio's software and service has been assessed and approved by:

* New Zealand Government Ministry of Social Development - Cloud Computing User Assessment
* NZTA Security Scan by Aura Information Security

Commit message:

replacing loomio with diehard.fund

fr/security_privacy.md, after:

# Security FAQ

## What are your Terms of Service and Privacy Policies?
Diehard.Fund’s cloud service is subject to [Terms of Service](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/terms_of_service.html) and [Privacy Policy](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/privacy_policy.html). These policies contain detailed information, and we invite anyone with security and privacy concerns to review them carefully.

## Can Diehard.Fund be Self-Hosted?
Diehard.Fund is an open source web application, with the source code available on [Github](https://github.com/loomio/loomio "opens in new tab"). The software code is readily accessible for review, and has been subject to third party security scans. Self-hosted Diehard.Fund instances can be deployed to run Diehard.Fund on your own server, in a  security environment under your own control.

## What is your Software as a Service product?
Diehard.Fund operates a cloud-hosted service on the [Heroku platform](https://www.heroku.com/about "opens in new tab"), based in the USA. This is the service offered through Diehard.Fund’s [website](https://www.loomio.org/ "opens in new tab").

Heroku is used by organizations of all sizes to deploy and operate applications throughout the world, providing infrastructure management, scaling, and security. Heroku applies security best practices and manages platform security, to protect customers from threats, and applies security controls at every layer from physical to application, isolating applications and data. They rapidly deploy security updates without customer interaction or service interruption. 

More information can be found in [Heroku’s security policy](https://www.heroku.com/policy/security "opens in new tab").

Heroku utilizes ISO 27001 and FISMA certified data centers managed by Amazon. Information about security at Amazon data centers is available [here](https://aws.amazon.com/security/ "opens in new tab").

### Do you do Backup Data and Recovery?
Recovery of data for Diehard.Fund's SaaS offering is managed by Heroku automatically and seamlessly. The software and data are automatically backed up as part of the deployment process, on secure, access controlled, and redundant storage.  Heroku use these backups to deploy the Diehard.Fund software and data across the platform and automatically bring the application back online in the event of an outage.

## Have there been Third Party Security Assessment and Approvals?
Diehard.Fund's software and service has been assessed and approved by:

* New Zealand Government Ministry of Social Development - Cloud Computing User Assessment
* NZTA Security Scan by Aura Information Security
