fr/third_party_services.md, before:

# Third Party Services

We use the third parties listed on this page to provide a high-level of service and some of Loomio's functionality. Loomio shares data with these services and for convenience this page provides links to third party privacy policies. For more information please see our [Privacy Policy](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/privacy_policy.html).

[Amazon S3](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496)

Stores uploaded files and images.

[Bing Translate](http://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/en-gb/bing/default.aspx)

Inline comment translation. When translations are requested via the translate button that appears when two users of different languages are communicating, we send specific content to Bing for automatic translation.

[Cloudflare](http://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy)

Caches web content for faster page loads. Cloudflare and the rest of the internet backbone carry pages when requested. These are encrypted end to end.

[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/policy/privacy)

Hosts the Loomio software. They provide the servers we use to run Loomio.org.

[New Relic](http://newrelic.com/privacy)

Monitors application performance metrics.

[Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/)

Tracks page views and other usage statistics. Google gets user IP addresses and other session metadata and urls of pages being visited which have discussion titles and group names.

[Intercom](http://docs.intercom.io/privacy)

Our CRM system, a way for our customer support to keep in touch with users. They receive user and group names and session metadata.

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)

To allow you to login via your Facebook account.

[Google](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

To allow you to login via your Google account.

Commit message:

replacing loomio with diehard.fund

fr/third_party_services.md, after:

# Third Party Services

We use the third parties listed on this page to provide a high-level of service and some of Diehard.Fund's functionality. Diehard.Fund shares data with these services and for convenience this page provides links to third party privacy policies. For more information please see our [Privacy Policy](https://loomio.gitbooks.io/manual/content/en/privacy_policy.html).

[Amazon S3](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496)

Stores uploaded files and images.

[Bing Translate](http://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/en-gb/bing/default.aspx)

Inline comment translation. When translations are requested via the translate button that appears when two users of different languages are communicating, we send specific content to Bing for automatic translation.

[Cloudflare](http://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy)

Caches web content for faster page loads. Cloudflare and the rest of the internet backbone carry pages when requested. These are encrypted end to end.

[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/policy/privacy)

Hosts the Diehard.Fund software. They provide the servers we use to run Diehard.Fund.org.

[New Relic](http://newrelic.com/privacy)

Monitors application performance metrics.

[Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/)

Tracks page views and other usage statistics. Google gets user IP addresses and other session metadata and urls of pages being visited which have discussion titles and group names.

[Intercom](http://docs.intercom.io/privacy)

Our CRM system, a way for our customer support to keep in touch with users. They receive user and group names and session metadata.

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)

To allow you to login via your Facebook account.

[Google](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

To allow you to login via your Google account.
